today we're going to be practicing your speaking and conversational skills by having a conversation you and me
what is it going to look like
I have repaired a dialogue one line is for me and the other one is for you you will see them on the screen
I'm going to say my line and you're going to read your line out loud on the screen and that's going to be your response and then vice versa the first line will be yours and the second mine this exercise will give you already ready lines and answers to use in real life with other people and get your prepared to have conversations
in addition you might pick up a Fraser too I prepared a part of a dialogue between two friends or acquaintances who haven't seen each other in a while and accidentally run into each other
which is the story of my life I chose this type of conversation because honestly this is pretty much the conversation I've been having with people lately because it's true you never have the time to meet up or even give a call to your friends these days
there's so many things to do and there's just 24 hours in a day which as it turns out as absolutely not enough so let's start I'm saying my line and then you will see your line on the screen and said out loud as if you were answering to me
oh hey have you been it's been a while
oh I have so much to tell you
are you in any kind of a hurry or how about grabbing coffee and catching up
awesome let's go then
who the thought would cross paths like this
I have honestly been meaning to call you this whole time but I've just been so busy lately so many things have been going on and I've just been doing what I can to handle it all
and now we switch Lines the first one will be yours and the second mine
so now you start
hi Anna yeah it has I haven't seen you in ages so what's new with you
sure sounds great I don't have to be anywhere
I know right what a coincidence
I know exactly what you mean it feels like life has become a little crazy lately
okay that's it guys I hope you enjoyed this little practice video and found it useful
and you know let me know in the comments if you can relate to such a situation
bye
oh hey have you been it's been a while
hi Anna yeah it has I haven't seen you in ages so what's new with you oh I have so much to tell you
are you in any kind of a hurry or how about grabbing coffee and catching up sure sounds great I don't have to be anywhere awesome let's go then
who the thought would cross paths like this
I know right what a coincidence I have honestly been meaning to call you this whole time but I've just been so busy lately so many things have been going on and I've just been doing what I can to handle it all I know exactly what you mean it feels like life has become a little crazy lately